docs(add): add question (#2017)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/domains-and-dns.mdx

A domain name transfer usually takes between 1 to 10 days. However, a domain name transfer can take longer.

## Are there transfer limitations?

> All domains from [BookMyName](https://www.bookmyname.com/) or [Online](https://console.online.net/en/login) cannot yet be transferred to Scaleway Domains and DNS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All domains registered through [BookMyName](https://www.bookmyname.com/) or [Online](https://console.online.net/en/login) cannot yet be transferred to Scaleway Domains and DNS.
```
